Number of questions (topic-wise):
SVM-1
Decision Tree & Random Forest-1
Gaussian Naive Bayes-1
Linear & Logistic-1
Fundamentals of Machine Learning and Statistics-1
PCA-1
Clustering-2

Lab:
Classification: Logistic Regression, Multinomial Naive Bias (Compare on the same database)
Classification: SVM, Random Forest (Compare on the same dataset using various performance matrices like acc, recall. Before that, show the distribution of data)
Clustering: K-Means and GMM (Comparison)
PCA: Showing its performance

Theory:
Fundamental Concepts of Machine Learning and Statistics:
The core idea behind machine learning. What is the difference between hard-coding (traditional coding) and machine learning?
Define classification and regression with an example.
Sum of squared residual. Why do we square residuals?

linear and logistic regression:
What are the assumptions of linear and logistic regression?
How do you interpret the coefficient of linear regression and logistic model and limitations both of them?
Why do we use the sigmoid function in logistic regression?
How can you detect if the model (linear and regression) is underfitting or overfitting?

Gradient Descent: Three questions from the book StatQuest.

Regularization: Ridge and Lasso: assumption and critical difference.
When should we use logistic regression over others like svm(support vector machine) or decision tree?
What is ROC and what does AUC represent?

Multinomial: What is naive byes algorithm? Why is it called naive? Advantages and Limitations. When to use Gaussian Naive use?
How does Gaussian Naive models fit features?

Three questions from the book StatQuest of naive bayes.


Decision Tree:
Classification and regression tree diff?
Why decision tree learning algorithm is called greedy? Is it a problem? if problem How to overcome?
Advantages and disadvantages of Decision Tree?
Why random forest is better than single decision tree?
Limitations of random forest tree?
What is bagging in random forest? How it is used? What is out of bag error?
Write down the main steps of random forest (4 marks)--classroom

SVM:
What are support vectors? Margin. Soft and hard margin.
In which situation should we use SVM over logistic regression, Explain.book page 219
Three main steps of support vector machine with example (4 marks)--book page 226
Kernel in SVM --book page 232
define Langrangian multiplier method --book page 231



PCA:ALL ans in website(geeksforgeeks)
eigenvalue and eigenvector criteria
main step of pca
limitation and advantage of pca

Clustering:
Comparisons of k-means clustering with hierarchical clustering, gaussian mixture model and DBSCAN clustering .
Which algorithm is suitable for which situation?
limitations of different clustering.
gaussian mixture model--video in classroom

Unsupervised learning:CT-1 and pdf basics
Difference between classification and clustering.
Unsupervised learning challenges

